add ghrelease to git request options (#360)
razee-io/RemoteResource: docs/gitops.md

**Github:**

Sample RR with branch:

Use `git` as backend service.

> Provide inputs as git request option, specifying branch as ref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide inputs as git request options, specifying a branch name as ref.
```

        git:
          provider: 'github'
          repo: "https://github.com/razee-io/RemoteResource.git"

>           ref: "master"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ref: "main"
```

              key: token
```

> Can alternatively specify commitId or tag name as ref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can specify a commit ID or tag name as ref.
```

Implementation detail:
(i.e. How provided inputs get mapped to api behind the scenes):

* `GET https://api.github.com/repos/{repo}/releases/tags/{release}`
provides release assets in response.assets
* `GET https://api.github.com/repos/{repo}/releases/assets/${asset.id}`
provides raw file for asset.id,

> must include header `Accept: application/octet-stream`

Reviewer: Can we default this for them if no `Accept:` header is specified? If so: 
```suggestion
Note header `Accept: application/octet-stream` set by default.
```

Implementation detail:
(i.e. How provided inputs get mapped to api behind the scenes):

* `GET https://api.github.com/repos/{repo}/releases/tags/{release}`
provides release assets in response.assets
* `GET https://api.github.com/repos/{repo}/releases/assets/${asset.id}`
provides raw file for asset.id,
Note header `Accept: application/octet-stream` set by default,
will override Accept header specified by user.

**Gitlab:**

Release asset links in Gitlab must be a URL that
returns a valid kubernetes configuration file.
Ex. `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/razee-io/
RemoteResource/master/kubernetes/RemoteResource/resource.yaml`

> External URLS should not require headers.
> Gitlab links should be from the same host.

Reviewer: Not sure my suggestion reads quite like I want either. See if you can improve it?
```suggestion
External URLS must not require headers.
The GET for a Gitlab release artifact link from the same host will include the headers specified for the remote resource.
```
